and a very warm welcome to coca-cola
parking we are live for the super 14 map
clash between the Lions and the blues so
bondage over
see how quickly the second time I got
back to his feet on the bill stepping
from bouncing Stanley he has created the
tribe for his friendly Ranger that is
trying umber 74 in a ranger in the 2010
season and try number one for the booze
and only the fifth minute great feed
from Benson Stanley give it a read beep
chances here Mathewson it's opening up
Steven Brett is infinite rocket try for
the Blues and Brett gets his second of
the season Killian Spencer
shivang go whoops that he's managed to
get out of it he does have to shyvana
the class as well
a chance here
Spencer gets one against
Sanral the crime
from
karachi banga found a bit of spice is
explosive guess what amount of trouble
the handling was good and slick and
Qatar makes you inside bosses absolutely
spot-on and just not enough booze
defenders fence around the world
odds on the school car
lasse
continue to make tackles when the gaps
are appearing now season and he is
through third try for the Blues and his
50 season will pop Dawson Kuehne hands
amongst the forwards and spotting the
gap at the center for Mark to see the
frustration there's mind the lies
defense opening not quite like a rusted
act a little bit easier because van
heerden yellow for mark okay clear
pass as well
Carla Spencer gets his
Spencer's to learn a fair way to do
stepped inside wall hello the side they
might have got the overlap here they
don't need the overlap there's the try
from paul williams and it is his third
of the season the attack of the blues
flat direct and hard onto the pass game
Williams and the strength is too much
Richard anger lines to looking over than
they do from here Carla Spencer give us
trouble on he's clean through now he
needs some support from somewhere what's
it up to the parkway line me so God lose
players then right has to make a
decision leg countless is now
remonstrating with the assistant referee
truck
come on yellow go to a triple if you
gotta keep your phone keep your for
borders legacy it's quickly available
it's good hands The Iceman gives it to
the play is over well think it's held up
10 seconds gonna go next door to us Sean
other boys got to make the decision new
things I no time well having is finally
waking up now you can get involved in
the game a little bit yep there we go
and he took one look
Stanley
one missed tackle leads to a try in the
corner joe rocket oka
turnover ball lovely chiming of the
parson rekha that goes a rocky there's
nobody in front of him his second try
and the seventh for the Blues
half-century comes up for the Blues and
we've got 12 minutes left in the game
thank you guys something that's Apple
tackle and all too easy for a get there
go from there on in turnover ball
indoors which meant there is no one at
the back that's a good win for the Blues
there three-match tour of South Africa
ends with two defeats and this big win
final score at coca-cola park alliance
14 the Blues 56